Hello Developers,

To help you get started, please read instructions below:

We are using Chainlink Automation for more information https://docs.chain.link/chainlink-automation/job-scheduler

1 . Register a new Upkeep
To use the job scheduler, you must register a new upkeep on the Automation network. In the Chainlink Automation App, click the blue Register new Upkeep button.

Connecting your Wallet
If you do not already have a wallet connected with the Chainlink Automation network, the interface will prompt you to do so. 
Click the Connect Wallet button and follow the remaining prompts to connect your wallet to the network.

2. Trigger Selection
After you have successfully connected your wallet, please select time-based trigger.

3. Using Time-Based Triggers
When you select the time-based trigger, you are prompted to enter a contract address. 
Provide the address of the contract you want to execute. 
If you did not verify the contract on chain, you will need to paste the Application Binary Interface (ABI) of the deployed contract into the corresponding text box. 
Select the function name that you want to execute and provide any static inputs. If you want to use dynamic inputs please see Custom logic Upkeeps

4. Specifying the Time Schedule
After you successfully entered your contract address and ABI, specify your time schedule in the form of a CRON expression. 
CRON expressions are a shorthand way to create a time schedule. Use the provided example buttons to experiment with different schedules and then create your own.

5. Entering Upkeep Details
To complete the upkeep registration process, you must enter some information about your upkeep including its name, gas limit, starting balance LINK, and contact information.
When you create an upkeep through the Job Scheduler, Chainlink Automation deploys a new CronUpkeep contract from the CronUpkeepFactory to manage your time schedule and ensure that it is compatible. 
This contract uses roughly 110K gas per call, so it is recommended to add 150K additional gas to the gas limit of the function you are automating.
